Problem: Sorting pills is a repetitive and delicate task, requiring what's called prospective memory, 
         a form of memory that involves remembering to perform a planned action or recall a planned 
         intention at some future point in time. This kind of memory gets worse with aging, so, for elderly,
         pills sorting needs to be performed by relatives or caregiver; in this way it's still 
         susceptible to the human error, which could lead to wrong dosages or medicine intake.

Solution: with RAPiD, this risk can be highly mitigated, bringing tranquility for your family and for the 
         ones you care about. It's a fully autonomous and reliable pill dispenser, and after a first time 
         setup, you won't have to worry about it anymore. Through the accompanying app, the device
         connects to the internet, from which it receives important data such as "precise time stamps"
         and once the connection is established, every new operation on the device will be done remotely.
         But apart from uploading new schedules and refilling the pills magazine (once requested by the dispenser
         itself), the RAPiD will work autonomously, helping its user to maintain a regular intake schedule.
         The device will alert the user with sounds and lights when it's time for intake, and after checking
         the presence of the user, it despense the set dosage of medicine. As more than 1 medicine is probably
         required, the system is fully modular, and allows the relative/caregiver to add more magazines, each 
         containing a different pill. This solution might seem expensive, but that's incorrect: the magazines
         are cheap, as  the most expensive part of the system (the one that controls every module)
         is a one-time purchase and still it's much cheaper than similar solutions. Given the simple working
         mechanism of the device, maintenance is cheap, but must be performed by trained technicians to 
         guarantee the functionality (and safety) of the device. But why would you need the RAPiD? As IT 
         professors always say "computers are dumb, but once instructed, they are very good at repeting operations 
         over and over again" which is exactly what the device is meant to do.
         Once the setup is completed through the app, the caregiver or relative will receive information from 
         the device in the form of push notifiaction or email; those information include reminders when
         a magazine is running out of pills, warning messages in case the user missed the intake time, very rarely 
         messages about fails inside the device (kidding, we never had fails during testing).

Conclusions: this device is meant to help you by helping the elderly you care about, being them relatives or 
            people under your care. It's reliable, it won't let you down even in the event of a power outage, 
            it's childproof and, of course, elderly-proof. Seems like magic, seems very expensive but don't worry, 
            it won't break the bank, you'll buy just what you need and nothing more. Thanks.
         

         